okay so like I was talking about last
game the prize pool ticker thingy is
broken forever reason as actually know
till isn't gonna be able to deny that
word and actually get stunned I'm sure
they have enough damage to take this is
gonna he does have the living armor
grown rocking with Luna but fires my
life in two seconds he's dead oh my good
yeah pop again in the first blood you
able to be used and without I'm almost
deniable I'm really impressed with
finale oh here we go here I'm gonna get
stunned but it's gonna dissipate it
immediately puppy will fall shoulder
than after gets it also enough but of
course the Mexican is it gonna
counteract a lot of that damage Andy I
mean they're gonna gets almost full HP
towers at this point so I'm not gonna
get a big trade Hani setting things up
against us is really common for she
always rach TV much no problem of course
is there enough damage to kill him there
might be the infest onto a creep almost
ready almost ready actually just gonna
go for it apparently okay why don't you
okay Oh blast them up this guy lives on
the edge man absolute on the edge wow
those soul radio examples he's still
gonna get out of this radiance takes the
tricks is gonna iron shell the creep so
it takes even less damage when it pushes
all the day just mind gaming him
we're still there and it's dead that's a
next-level stuff how explain this to me
we gonna chase puppy what does hani have
easily he does have a blinking look at a
mission directly on the company had
noisy at a blank because i had no idea
that like damn he's gonna TV in along
with buttock sonic almost getting birds
are drawn there it goes Trixie's
thinking is done from kuroki in the
meantime they're gonna trade lives and
all likelihood the coaling plate not
needed to be used actually got canceled
in midair done an axe will follow in his
death and era just stealing stats left
and rights but of course the replicate
was up for Dendi because he loves heroes
like this such as emer spirit and dies
will he see the acts on the way down
there he does gonna be the one opening
boy doesn't even open with the pounds
there's the scuffle here comes the great
ultimate from no tail clinic is gonna be
the first to die in this engagement
there's a four-step coming into effect
for flies they can focus all their
pressure on the boss who's gonna pop
rage Erik getting really low no tilting
a nice job of keeping them alive at
least for now my beautiful blink and
right click from nota hits like a ton of
bricks why has his ultimate as no
problem diving this tower is gonna tank
it quite a bit so this rest of his team
is not going in there is the vacuum
giggling okay Gina o mine I'm going off
your good EP canceled Wow be careful how
the tornado is pretty far away now we're
this low standee not expecting a level
one gang from no tail on the slaughter
Danny getting very low air as well quite
low the last right-click will go to fly
there comes a sheep count earnest you
beautiful and pale crystal namecoin
quite low as well uses the frostbite on
the wild kin no tales gonna get out fly
barely so along with incomes getting
some all in all regions bijan oh it's
gonna live at least for now one more
right clicking good though Oh goodbye
good sir I think Bobby can keep going
here where
Trixie Trixie has the blade now doing
decent amount of work the boss is going
to use an ultimate on top of it almost
died as a result will go down shortly
thereafter one more loosen femur may be
an artifact will do the job dandy trying
to take out this amber spear me so hard
to kill the right click will finally get
it done in time trying to run away
Monica's here with his boots of travel
impales gonna hit fly them back in a hit
era can Eric it out is the question
here's the roaming slaughter for the
freaking win zoning everybody out and
he's gonna know he's baking his crush
ben 10 d is gonna get scared of a little
bit of dancing here I just I dream about
we going to talk a boss no time to get
me my red shirt no sales silence he will
go down it's not still in that level six
though ember spirit being a lot of work
to Dendi who's gonna think twice about
going back in and Chancellor stealing a
lot of damage to Trixie one more would
have got the kill to blame
boy any more damage dandy goes down the
sheep on honey not sure if it going to
go in here necrophos doing almost no
damage to the crystal mate and laptop be
forced back in shame lion will fob puppy
as well this is kind of surprising that
he wouldn't get the point booster over
that foot regardless may not matter in
the end puppy gettin frost bit and force
us so what collected good initiation I'm
not having to start up a look at the
damage oh my god triple kill for Hani
and GG well played before then you put
down ultra kill map jesus H make it up
to Grampy